Identifying Healthcare Professionals (HCP) and their specialization

The ad server logs contain valuable information such as browser details, IP addresses, geographic locations, search patterns, site urls, and other relevant data. The objective of the hackathon is to build a robust model that can accurately predict whether a user belongs to the HCP category and its specialization id/taxonomy.


Input: Ad server logs containing information on user behavior and other features

Output: Given a userid(userplatformuid) and ad server log, classifies if the user is an HCP and its specialization (taxonomy).


The input contains the following type of data:

 HCP has been identified but the taxonomy/specialization is not identified - IS_HCP is true but taxonomy is not populated.

Both HCP and taxonomy/specialization are identified - IS_HCP is true and taxonomy is also populated.

The remaining rows pertain to data where there is no information about HCP. It may correspond to HCP or may not.


Data Description:

The data fields are described below:


Field

Description

Example

Data Type

ID

Serial number

1001, 1002, etc.

Integer





DEVICETYPE

The type of device used by the user, such as desktop, mobile, tablet, etc.

desktop, mobile, tablet, smartphone

String

PLATFORM_ID

Unique identifier associated with the platform used by the user.

12345, PLATFORM_XYZ, 987654321

Numeric

BIDREQUESTIP

IP address from where the request originated.

192.168.0.1, 10.0.0.2, 172.16.0.100

String

USERPLATFORMUID

Unique identifier of the user on a platform.

user123, platform_user_456, 789user

String

USERCITY

City of the user.

New York, London, Tokyo

String

USERZIPCODE

User's ZIP code.

12345, 54321, 98765

String

USERAGENT

User's browser agent, providing information about the browser and operating system.

Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/91.0.4472.124 Safari/537.36

String

PLATFORMTYPE

Type of platform being used, such as Electronic Health Record (EHR), e-prescribing, medical journal, etc.

EHR, e-prescribing, medical journal, telemedicine

String

CHANNELTYPE

The channel through which the user interacts with the platform, such as a website or email.

website, email, mobile app, SMS

String

URL

URL from which the request originated.

https://example.com
String

KEYWORDS

Keywords appear in URLs

healthcare, doctor, medicine, patient care

String

TAXONOMY

Code for specialization, which could refer to a specific medical field or category.

cardiology, dermatology, pediatrics, oncology

String

IS_HCP

Indicates whether the user is a Healthcare Professional (HCP) or not.

1, 0

Boolean


Click here for Sample PPT(Mandatory)-PPT submission is mandatory.

Note: The sample submission file contains random data.
Data Set Download Data Set
File Name	Description	Format	Size
Doceree-HCP_Train.csv	Train_Data	csv	
Doceree-HCP-Test.csv	Test_Data	csv	
Doceree_HCP_Sample_Submission_1.csv	Sample_Submission	csv	
Data Dictionary
Here's a brief version of what you'll find in the data description file.

Variable	Description
ID	key
TAXONOMY	Code for specialization, which could refer to a specific medical field or category
IS_HCP	Indicates whether the user is a Healthcare Professional (HCP) or not.
Submission
1. Output file generated by the model.
2. Source Code file or .ipynb file or Report
3. Demonstration Video (If Possible)

Evaluation Metric
1. Correctness of code / Score Received
2. Source or .ipynb file Submitted
3. Presentation with model explanation (mandatory)